README.md, before:

# PyAPIReference
[![PyAPIReference logo](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/Assets/logo.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference)  

_PyAPIReference is a GUI application to generate API References for Python files._  
https://patitotective.github.io/PyAPIReference/

_Discord server: https://discord.gg/as85Q4GnR6._

### _WORK IN PROGRESS._

## Screenshots
[![Example module tree](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/Screenshots/tree.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference)[![Markdown editor](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/Screenshots/markdown.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference)

## Test it from source code
1. First you will need to clone this repository by pasting this command into your terminal:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference
```
_If you don't have `git` installed [download it](https://git-scm.com/download)_.

2. Then enter to the `PyAPIReference` inside `PyAPIReference` just created directory:
```bash
cd PyAPIReference/PyAPIReference
```
3. Install the requirements:
- Windows:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
- Linux/MacOS:
```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
4. Now you can run `main.py`:
- Windows:
```bash
python main.py
```
- Linux/MacOSX:
```bash
python3 main.py
``` 

About
---
- Website: https://patitotective.github.io/PyAPIReference/.
- Changelog: https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md.
- GitHub: https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference.
- Patitotective:
	- Discord: patitotective#0127.
	- GitHub: https://github.com/Patitotective.
	- Email: [cristobalriaga@gmail.com](mailto:cristobalriaga@gmail.com).
- Sharkface:
	- Discord: Sharkface#9495.
	- GitHub: https://github.com/devp4.

Commit message:

Added _features_ section to `README.md`, added more info and made `README.md` to look better.

README.md, after:

# PyAPIReference
[![PyAPIReference logo](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/Assets/logo.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference)  
***
***[PyAPIReference](https://patitotective.github.io/PyAPIReference/) is a GUI application to generate API References for Python modules.***

_Join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/as85Q4GnR6) to keep updated._

## Features
- Dark and light theme (using https://github.com/5yutan5/PyQtDarkTheme).
- Inspect a Python module and convert it into a tree.
- Export the tree as JSON, YAML or [PREFS](https://patitotective.github.io/PREFS/).
- Filter members to include in the tree (by type).
- Customize the color used to display different types in the tree (**color pattern**).
- Convert tree to Markdown (the Markdown will be the API Reference).
- Select the members to include in the Markdown.
- Markdown editor to edit the API Reference.
- Live preview of the Markdown.
- Export the Markdown API Reference as HTML, Markdown or ReStructuredText.

## Installation
### _WORK IN PROGRESS._

## Contribute
Feel free to contribute, join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/as85Q4GnR6) for more information.

## Screenshots
[![Example module tree](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/Screenshots/tree.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference)[![Markdown editor](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/Screenshots/markdown.png?raw=true)](https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference)

## Test it from source code
1. First you will need to clone this repository by pasting this command into your terminal:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference
```
_If you don't have `git` installed [download it](https://git-scm.com/download)_.

2. Then enter to `PyAPIReference` directory inside `PyAPIReference` directory:
```bash
cd PyAPIReference/PyAPIReference
```
3. Install the requirements:
- Windows:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
- Linux/MacOS:
```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
4. Now you can simply run `main.py`:
- Windows:
```bash
python main.py
```
- Linux/MacOSX:
```bash
python3 main.py
``` 

About
---
- Website: https://patitotective.github.io/PyAPIReference/.
- Changelog: https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md.
- GitHub: https://github.com/Patitotective/PyAPIReference.
- Discord server: https://discord.gg/as85Q4GnR6.
- Patitotective:
	- Discord: patitotective#0127.
	- GitHub: https://github.com/Patitotective.
	- Email: [cristobalriaga@gmail.com](mailto:cristobalriaga@gmail.com).
- Sharkface:
	- Discord: Sharkface#9495.
	- GitHub: https://github.com/devp4.
